refactor(toolkit): rename NestedWizard class and update arch doc (#6229)
aws/aws-toolkit-vscode: docs/arch_develop.md

}
```

### 2. `CompositeWizard` Class

> This abstract class extends the `Wizard` class with an addition method to create and manage state of the nested wizards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This abstract class extends the `Wizard` class with an addition method to create and manage a collection of nested/child wizards.
```

> Extends this class to create a wizard that contains other wizards as part of the prompter flow.
> Use `this.createWizardPrompter()` to use another wizard class as a prompter in the main wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extend this class to create a wizard that contains other wizards as part of a prompter flow.
Use `this.createWizardPrompter()` to use a wizard as a prompter in the `CompositeWizard`.
```

Example:

```ts

// Child wizard

> class ChildWizard extends Wizards<ChildWizardForm> {...}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class ChildWizard extends Wizard<ChildWizardForm> {...}
```

tester.bar.assertShow() // True since 'foo' has a defined value
```

> #### Using `PrompterTester`

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this!
